(moaning, groaning)
♪
Where-- where am I?
Can't see a thing.
♪
A bump.
Where'd that come from?
Hm, the ground
is warm.
But why is
it vibrating?
A wall...
(grunting)
♪
A handle-- is this
some kinda door?
(grunting with effort)
♪
Okay.
It's dark,
it's shaking...
I must be in the
back of a truck.
♪
Well, this
can't be good.
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think you can
win only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let
destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see
you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the wind
that's blowing me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
running side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the wind
that's blowing me around ♪
♪ See the sun a risin' ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts
itself into our lives ♪ ♪
♪
At least my eyes are
adjusting to the dark.
Is that... ?
♪
What is my Duel Runner
doing here?
This morning, I-- I was
contacted by someone
who needed some parts
replaced on a practice
module or something.
So I made
a house call...
Right, I remember now.
When I got there, something
just didn't seem right.
(man inside)
Help, somebody
help me!
-Aagh!
-Ah!
Hello?
♪
Hey, are you okay?
Mister!
(man)
Get him, boys!
(heavy thudding)
It was a trap...
But why, what do
they want from me?
(man)
A reasonable question.
I'm glad to see you finally
woke up, Mister Fudo.
I trust you're finding your
accommodations pleasant.
Did you notice the
mint on your pillow?
Who are you people?
(man)
Oooh... we're just a nice
bunch of citizens
devoted to social justice
and family values.
Not quite the vibe I got from
those thugs at the house.
Oh, them?
We employ some
rough types.
It keeps 'em off
the streets.
What do you
want with me?
I can see that you're not
interested in a sarcastic
tête-à-tête, so I'll cut
to the proverbial chase.
You're an incredible
Turbo Duelist, Yusei.
So I'm sure you're
already aware
that the World Racing Grand
Prix is fast approaching.
I'm putting together
a team to compete
and I want you on it.
Oh, yeah?
Well, thanks, but I'm
afraid I'm not available.
I've already formed a team
with my friends Jack and Crow,
so if you could just pull over
and let me out, that'd be great.
Ha ha ha.
You will be joining my team
one way or another, kid.
You can either sign up
voluntarily or we can
take you to see
our Psychiatrist.
He's got a fascinating way
with people's minds,
although he's a bit
of a control freak,
if ya know
what I mean.
Listen, buddy, I'm getting
a little tired of your jokes.
You think I'm joking?
You really don't wanna
mess with me, my friend!
I am not exactly what you would
call a well-balanced person.
I can see that.
Now please just sit back, relax
and enjoy the view, Yusei,
because you aren't going
anywhere-- Ha ha ha!
♪
(man)
Are you sure you
looked everywhere?
Like Oil Slick Alley?
Pier 23?
If you're so
worried about Yusei,
why don't you
go look for him?
I would, but Cluckers
Deep Fried Chicken
doesn't deliver itself.
I'm on the clock.
(Jack)
I tried that Ultra Crispy
Crisper the other day.
It's a little heavy
on the paprika,
but otherwise,
I thought it--
How are you talking about
fast food right now?
What if Crow's
right and something
awful's happened
to Yusei?
Man, these yahoos.
I'm sure Yusei's okay.
So he didn't call Crow
back, no big deal.
Well, actually,
it's not just that.
I also got this really
weird message at the garage.
(man)
Your friend Yusei Fudo
has been taken.
I thought you
should know.
(Akiza)
What-- Why are you just
now telling us this?
I didn't wanna
freak anyone out.
(Akiza)
I am gonna cobble you
when I see you.
I believe you mean
clobber, Akiza.
To cobble is
to make a shoe.
(Akiza)
Well, whatever, then
I'm gonna cobble up some
boots and use 'em to
kick Crow's butt!
This Yusei thing's
got you going.
If didn't know any
better, I'd say that
you were in love
with him...
Stop right
there, Jack!
All I'm saying is...
Hmm.
All you're saying
is what, Jack?
What's goin' on?
There's an
interference signal.
Like someone's trying to
hack into the transmission.
(man)
If you can hear this,
the vehicle carrying Yusei
is a soda delivery
truck traveling north
on Blue Hill Ave
in Crescent Valley.
You need to stop that
vehicle and rescue him
before it reaches
its destination.
Who are you?
Identify yourself.
This channel is reserved
for sector security.
(man)
Time is wasting.
What should we do?
You heard him.
Move it!
♪
Well, we've just
entered Crescent Valley.
My arm's burning.
Yusei must
be close by...
♪
There it is.
Get us down there on
Irving, Mina, quick!
I saw a soda
delivery truck.
♪
(tires screeching)
(moaning in pain)
We're getting closer.
(Mina)
Is that the truck?
That's it!
Yusei's in there.
Now, get us
up there.
♪
(Mina)
I feel it's my duty
to tell you that
it's dangerous to stand
up in a moving vehicle.
(Akiza)
What about having no
one behind the wheel?
-Is that dangerous?
-Huh?
It's speeding up, it--
Just stay on it.
I'm gettin' him
outta there.
♪
What's this
burning about?
♪
Rose Tentacles ought
to do the trick!
Time to break
Yusei out!
♪
(banging)
Huh?
Who could that be?
♪
What's that noise?
Should I be
concerned right now?
No, it's fine.
Controlling my powers
is not an issue anymore.
♪
Akiza?
Hey, did someone in
there order a rescue?
Who's she?
A pizza delivery girl--
how should I know?
I'm just
sayin', boss.
It might be time to
move on to Plan D.
D: 'If We Can't Have Him,
Nobody Can' Plan.
Well...
He has seen my
face now... do it!
Sweet.
♪
Speed it up!
I do hope that you enjoy a
little deep sea diving, Yusei.
Shake off
that plant!
♪
Mina, try
and get closer!
(grunting)
Yusei!
♪
Akiza!
Oh well, there
goes our ride...
I thought the idea
was to get me out.
Fine, next time,
I won't try to save you,
I'll just leave you--
♪
So, do you think they'll
slow down and let us off?
Probably not...
Time for a
different approach.
♪
This is Chief of Special
Investigations Mina Simington.
Security dispatch,
are you receiving this?
Please come in, over.
The signal is
still jammed up.
♪
Who could
that've been?
♪
(Akiza)
Uh-uh, no way.
Forget about it.
You are not serious.
(Yusei)
I hope you like red.
There's no way.
You got another plan?
Yeah, we let
this play out.
We find out who's
behind all of this.
Not now we don't.
You've already put yourself
in enough danger because of me.
Oh, so riding double
is perfectly--
We don't have time to
argue about this, Akiza.
C'mon, hurry
up and hop on.
Forget it!
Not gonna happen!
♪
Hold on as tight
as you can.
Okay, look, fine,
I'll admit it,
I've never ridden a Duel
Runner before, okay?
I have a thing with
super-fast moving objects,
especially when I'm on
them, it's not what I'd--
Here we go!
(Akiza)
Oh boy.
♪
(Yusei)
What's up with this?
Reinforcements?
Come forth,
Yusei Fudo!
Come forth
and duel me!
Great.
This day keeps
getting better.
♪
So what are you
gonna do?
I don't think we have
a whole lot of options.
Hang on!
♪
(computer voice)
Duel mode engaged.
Auto-pilot activated.
♪
You have sprung
from the frying pan
only to land in
le flambé, Yusei Fudo!
I have come
to duel you.
What are you
talking about?
Why should
I duel you?
You do not have
a choice, Yusei Fudo.
Your Runner has
been tinkered with.
Should you stop while
in duel mode, it will--
How you say--
explode, go boom.
Are you serious?
No way!
The only way out
is in, Monsieur Fudo.
So who are you?
Are you with the bunch
of goons who kidnapped me?
Who I am is of no
importance right now.
I activate Le Speed
World 2 field spell!
♪
(computer voice)
Formulating cross-town duel
course and awaiting central
grid authority's official
authorization.
Authorization
has been granted.
A Turbo Duel is
about to commence.
Combat Lane
transfiguration underway.
All non-dueling
vehicles must vacate
the Combat Lane
immediately.
♪
You're gonna
duel this guy?
Yeah, I don't like it,
either,
but he hasn't exactly
given me much of a choice.
Are you ready?
Let's Duel!
(Yusei)
I can't stop to
let you off, Akiza,
so uh... hang on.
(Akiza)
Don't worry
about me.
Just concentrate
on knocking this jerk
into the next
dimension.
The first
move is mine!
I summon Sacred Knight's
Spearholder in defense mode!
And by placing
one card facedown,
I defer to you,
Monsieur Fudo.
Well, aren't
you polite.
I summon Speed Warrior
in attack mode!
♪
Due to its special ability,
Speed Warrior's attack points
are doubled during
the battle phase
of the turn it
was summoned!
So now Speed Warrior,
attack Spearholder
with Hyper
Sonic Slash!
(man)
Alas and alack, Yusei Fudo,
I reveal my trap card,
Floral Shield!
This negates your
monster's attack,
and allows me to
draw one card!
Hope you like
the flowers.
Looks like my game
is in full bloom.
♪
I place three cards
facedown and end my turn.
♪
It's your move, buddy.
Merci.
♪
I summon Horse of
the Floral Knights!
♪
(computer voice)
When the monster card
Horse of the Floral Knights
is successfully
summoned to the field,
you are allowed to draw
one card from your deck.
And now with the power
of this card in play,
my strategy shall truly
begin to blossom.
I activate the Overboost
speed spell!
This little zinger
of a spell increases
my Speed Counters by 4 for
the remainder of my turn.
Try to keep up,
Monsieur Fudo!
He's increased his speed
in just two turns.
Whoever this guy is, he sure
knows what he's doing.
He's a real
Turbo Duelist.
♪
Next, I activate the
Speed Fusion Speed Spell,
which, because of
my current speed,
allows me to summon to
the field a Fusion Monster!
By fusing Sacred Knight's
Spearholder and Horse of
the Floral Knights together,
I can summon, Centaur Mina!
♪
And now Centaur
Mina, charge!
I reveal my trap card,
Scrap-Iron Scarecrow!
This trap card can negate
your monster's attack.
Ha-- But I activate
Centaur Mina's special ability,
which forces your
trap card back
into the facedown position,
so, I negate your negating.
Uh-oh.
Vive La Revolution,
Centaur Mina!
Continue the charge!
Attack with
Graceful Blade!
♪
Are you doin' okay
back there, Akiza?
Yeah...
This feeling...
I was scared
at first, but,
something about
the wind and the speed.
I've never felt
anything like it.
It's kind of amazing...
This whole Turbo Duel
thing is a major rush.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
And now, Overboost fades
away like the morning mist...
So my Speed Counters
decrease back to 1.
♪
It's my turn now!
I summon Junk Synchron
in attack mode!
♪
And that's not all
I'm busting out!
'Cause when Junk
Synchron is summoned,
I can summon one
Level 2-or-below monster
from my graveyard to
join it on the field!
I summon
Speed Warrior!
♪
And now I tune my Junk
Synchron with my Speed Warrior
in order to Synchro
Summon Junk Warrior!
♪
Let's rev it up!
And now Junk Warrior
take out Centaur Mina!
Go Scrap Fist!
Not so fast!
I reveal my trap,
Fleur Guard!
This prevents you
from destroying
my monster in battle.
♪
You may have saved her, but
you're still takin' damage!
I end my turn by placing
one card facedown.
They're perfectly anticipating
each other's moves.
It's like they share a bond
as duelists or something,
like they already know each
other without ever having met.
(Yusei)
Something isn't
right here, Akiza.
This guy can't be with
the goons who kidnapped me.
His whole vibe
is different...
In fact, I think he's
working all on his own...
It is my turn!
♪
I summon the Fleur
Synchron Tuner Monster!
♪
I know what
this means...
What is it, Yusei?
Something bad?
Look, whatever happens,
just hang on tight.
(man)
Now it's my turn for
a Synchro Summon...
I tune Fleur Synchron
with Centaur Mina.
In order to bring out
Fleur de Chevalier!
♪
And now since Fleur
Synchron was used
to perform
a Synchro Summon,
I can summon an additional
monster from my hand.
Say hello to
Apprentice Knight!
♪
My Scrap-Iron Scarecrow is
still facedown on my field.
This guy's well-aware of that,
so I don't think he'll try
an outright attack
with that Knight, but...
I can't wait to see
what he does next.
Is...
Is Yusei having fun?
Fleur de Chevalier,
attack Junk Warrior!
(Yusei)
He must have a trick
up his sleeve.
And unless Yusei has
a trick of his own,
this duel is over!
♪
Fleur de Chevalier,
attack Junk Warrior!
Go Scrap-Iron
Scarecrow!
This trap deflects
your monster's attack.
I was hoping you
would try that again,
for not only can Chevalier
negate your little Scarecrow's
effect, it can send it to the
great cornfield in the sky!
That's not good.
(man)
And with your little
Scarecrow out of the picture,
Chevalier can vanquish
Junk Warrior.
En garde, Yusei Fudo!
♪
Nicely played.
But now I know what surprises
your Chevalier has in store.
Pardonnez-moi?
I activate my trap
card Miracle's Wake!
With this card, I can
resurrect a monster
that was destroyed
this turn.
So I'm bringing back
Junk Warrior!
♪
It appears you were
simply baiting me
so that you could
learn my strategies...
Très bon,
Monsieur Fudo.
Huh?
♪
I hope this
doesn't hurt.
If we stop,
the engine will blow!
♪
When do we blow up?
We don't.
So what's with
the bluff?
Who are you?
♪
My name is
Sherry Leblanc.
And I wanted to test
your courage under fire.
You're a... woman
Turbo Duelist?
(Sherry)
You have passed
the test.
I shall dispense with
the games and tell you
the true nature
of my intentions.
I have sought you out so that
I might steal you for my own.
♪